Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us.
It's Diana and Brandon again, the dynamic duo. I'm excited to be here, baby.
I have some things on my heart, and I know you do. We were talking about it today and what we feel in the atmosphere.
You can feel there's a tangible feeling that something is about to happen, like a puzzle you just focus on and try to figure out all the pieces, and it's too hard.
So you just have to focus on the piece that you have in your hand, praying that piece through instead of thinking about the whole, like, 'Well, this is overwhelming, all of this needs prayer.'You just focus on one piece at a time, the piece that's right in front of you, and you pray that through.
And when that piece goes in and you see it go into the puzzle, then He'll hand you another piece and you just pray over that piece and you keep doing it until the whole picture's done.
Sometimes we just get overwhelmed in prayer thinking about how this is a mess, this whole puzzle needs this, and I can't even see what it's going to be like.
You don't even know what the picture is or where we are going right now.
And that's where I felt like when I'm praying, I asked, 'What is priority number one, Lord, on Your heart?'Because right now the canvas she's talking about, this massive canvas, this puzzle, is overwhelming.
I was praying over it, and I know that what I have right now, what I've seen in the spirit and what I saw in a video back, is another storm—a major shaking to awaken is coming, you all.
After I stopped praying with you, I prayed for at least another hour, praying into that because the spirit of intercession hit me so hard.
It was so heavy. I came in, sat on the couch, and I started hearing prophetically about our life.
The Lord just started downloading again, warning us of what's coming.
I saw a rectangular window before me in the spirit realm, and the Lord told me there is going to be a window of blessing.
I'm telling you, you can see it right now, that what I saw about the economy crash is trying to manifest right in front of our faces, but the Lord is saying if we would pray and seek His face, He would give us this window of opportunity for the wealth of the wicked to be laid up for the righteous.
We need this for the harvest; we need this wealth transfer. Listening to Him on a day-to-day basis, listening to Him on what to do with your finances, because God is going to be a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
I don't believe it's for us to go into this crash of what I've seen coming with nothing and be there going, 'How are we going to do this?'I believe it's going to be a surplus on the body of Christ.
For what I have seen, I told you, a remnant will walk in the blessing.
I saw a one percent margin, and they go, 'Well, you know, that's not enough.'Well, one percent out of a billion is pretty good.
I mean, I don't know, that's a lot of folks. I don't know the math on it exactly, but I'm just saying that's a lot.
So I'm not going to say the sky is falling, but I've told you all, I have seen a major economic shaking that is worse than the 1920s or 1930s, worse than the Great Depression.
It was the Great Depression on steroids. I'm talking very bad looting, rioting, and pillaging like we've never seen before.
People act crazy because it's not like it was in the thirties; people have no morals like they did then, some common sense.
I saw places of refuge again. The Lord spoke about places having water. I saw a great drought again.
I saw great manipulation with the weather again, and I thought it was very interesting because I was watching Benny Johnson's video about the JFK files.
My son, my wife, and I were all watching it, and we were like, 'Oh dear God,'at how corrupt the CIA was back in the sixties.
It was overwhelming, really, some of the things that were being said and what he was reading in the transcripts from those 80,000-page reports about Israel, the nuclear capabilities, and setting up governments with all kinds of dirtiness.
It was bad stuff; I was embarrassed as a citizen of the United States of America to hear that coming from our government, how corrupt they were even in the sixties.
I was like, 'Wow, my dad was a little boy; this is really bad.'I'm just saying folks, it's eye-opening.
And weather manipulation—they were using weather trying to figure out how to use weather manipulation to dethrone governments. This is what I've been praying over.
I've told you all that they're going to use weather manipulation like we've never seen it before, and there will be drought in some areas and rain in another.
It's going to be very serious drought and very serious floods. All that to say, I'm not afraid of it. I have total peace.
Whenever people say, 'Are you tormented when you see these things?'No, I have total peace. I don't even let it get to me.
I just go, 'This isn't about me; this is about a shaking.'If I let my flesh look at it in the natural, yeah, you could get freaked out, but I stay spiritual about it and I stay in the spirit, praying in tongues over it.
When the Lord shows me the things to come and warns you about these things, it's not for me to sound the alarm in fear like 'Chicken Little, the sky is falling.'There's going to be a great economic crisis and people are going to stand in food lines for miles long.
I'm saying it as a watchman seeing it, and I refuse to fear it because I have peace.
You know when it's the Spirit of the Lord warning you about something versus the devil coming and tormenting you, it's when you have the peace that passes understanding while looking into something that should scare you, something that should make you crawl in a fetal position and rock.
Does that freak me out right now when I'm telling you this? No. Why?
Because I'm hearing the Spirit of the Lord warn me about something that's coming.
When I see the plague and I see the people all on the cots, and I've seen all these things, was I in fear over that?
No, not even a little bit, because I'm seeing it by the prophetic eye, the watchman eye.
What the Lord's warned me about the plagues coming, I say none of that comes near me because He said if you stand on Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 and you get that down as a pillar in your heart, that no weapon formed against you will prosper.
That's where we stay. We walk through the valley of the shadow of death, but we will fear no evil regardless of the plague, regardless of the pestilence.
And the Lord showed me, He said, 'Brandon, America will be humbled.'That's not a word I want to tell everybody, but He said the church, the people, have a stiff neck towards Me, and in this, there will be a shaking to awaken again.
I was looking at the hearts upon the land, and all of a sudden, all the hearts became one heart.
It was very strange, but I could see all the hearts of the church and the nation, and all of them became one heart.
The heart was black-looking and it had blood flowing from it. The center was starting to turn black.
There was a little red left, but it was trying to turn into a black heart.
What does that mean? I don't know. I see it and I pray over it, but it is alarming to me.
It wasn't just one heart, one person; it was a vast majority of hearts, and it all became one heart.
There was a little sliver of red in the middle, and all around it looked like it was toxic.
The further it went out, it was black, and then it went into gray and then red.
That's what I saw in the spirit. I haven't said that to anybody; even my family didn't know that.
Some things I pray and I go, 'Oh, I probably should say that,'but that's what I saw.
Then I saw the people with their noses stuck up and their necks were stiff.
That's why I call them stiff-necked, because their necks were stiff.
They were all upon the land and He said, 'A great humbling is coming,'but I'm giving you a window for My beloved, for My remnant, so that this will not affect you if you're listening to Me.
If you remember, Abraham interceded on behalf of Lot. Lot did not know that judgment was coming because he was living there and he was amongst them.
Because he had become lukewarm and become part of Sodom and Gomorrah in the way they thought, he did not know that in a 24-hour period judgment was coming.
So God sent an angelic host to go and get Lot and his family out of that hellhole, and he grabbed a hold of them because of intercessory prayer. Abraham interceded on behalf of Lot.
My point is that many are Lots; many are in the cities and they don't know it because they've become so complacent and lukewarm that they're in the midst of it, and it's going to take an intercessor to pull you out by the grace of God.
That's why I'm a watchman. That's why I sit on my perch and I come on here to warn you that God said there will be a major shaking over America, but He's given you a window.
There's something greater, something deeper to the meaning of this four-year window.
It's big. This is the beginning of what I believe is the tribulation.
He keeps speaking to me about this four-year window and I keep praying into it—a harvest of souls.
Even Diana said, 'Brandon, I heard what you said about the harvest.'You said a financial crash will happen and then the harvest, a plague will happen, and all these things.
But what brings the harvest? What is the trigger to the mechanism of the harvest?
I saw a financial crisis throughout the whole world, I saw a plague, and I saw people running.
What gets their attention? What shakes them out of their sleep?
Touching their money, touching their circumstances; that's what shakes them out of it.
I saw another major attack coming to America. I saw great shakings. I saw the enemy within again.
I saw 'Red Dawn'again, praying over that, with a major uprising of these ants inside our country.
I don't know what that is; I keep seeing it. So let's pray. I'm praying into the financial outpouring. We see the stock markets; we see what's happening.
I told you, if they would go to that extent to eliminate JFK, how much more are they trying to bring down the dollar for the beast system, for a one-world order?
Who is over all of this? Who's the boss? The devil. I told you I saw him strategically talking to major banking men and people in government.
He was talking to them, the George Soroses, the Bill Gateses. He was influencing them, and they didn't realize it.
I'm not going to say every one of them is having satanic practices, but I saw him influencing these men with great wealth.
The Lord told me you do not get to that high level of wealth without a satanic agenda right now in the world; there's some demonic force feeding that because that's Satan's wheelhouse.
So we're praying for the finances for the body of Christ, for the outpouring, for whatever the Holy Spirit wants us to pray for right now.
We're going to pray for about 30 minutes unless the Holy Spirit leads us to go longer.
We believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit and we go into the throne boldly.
I'm going to believe that God's going to show us things to come as a watchman today.
Diana and I are going to do that, and if you see anything, tap me and let me know.
Father, we thank You right now. We come before Your throne boldly.
We take back what the enemy stolen from us. We believe, Father, for the 30, 60, and 100-fold return.
We believe that everything we put our hands to will prosper.
We take authority over the spirit of poverty and lack over our households, and we say, 'Thus far and no further!'You release our finances now in the name of Jesus.
We call millions of dollars into the kingdom of God to flow through our hands.
We believe that You're able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
We thank You, Lord, that the angels are going from the north, south, east, and west to bring the harvest in.
We call in the harvest; we call in the lost, the ones in the very back field where it looks hopeless.
You said give them one last call. We thank You, Lord, that there's a shaking to awaken.
Every single one of them would have their eyes opened. We say in the name of Jesus, Satan, get your hands off of these unsaved loved ones! We call their eyes flooded with light.
They would have a Damascus Road experience, a supernatural experience so they would understand there's a God that loves them and they would have a choice to serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
You choose life or death, heaven or hell. I pray it's the right choice.
Father, I thank You that they will not have any demonic interference to make that choice, that their eyes would be opened and they would see the lies from the pit of hell.
It is a no-brainer to serve the Lord Jesus Christ. I thank You that their eyes would see how good You truly are, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
Holy Spirit, work on their hearts today in the middle of their despair and agony. Draw them close to You, Father.
We thank You for Your supernatural outpouring over the United States and around the world.
We call forth revival from coast to coast. Holy Spirit, we yield ourselves.
Flow through us. We ask You to show us that which is to come. I hear this: He said take communion.
Father, we enter in by the blood, by this covenant. We thank You that we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony. We lift it up before You.
He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes we are healed.
We're going to walk in divine health and divine wealth. We take this body in the name of Jesus and thank You, Lord, that what You bore in Your body we need not bear in our own.
We're healed and whole and well because You said it, Lord. Every good and perfect thing comes from the Father of Light.
We take this blood in the name of Jesus and thank You for it. We apply the blood of Jesus over our sins.
Now we enter into that throne by the blood. He says it's a dance.
You don't rush the dance. It's a dance where one leads and one follows.
He's leading, we follow. I see the ballroom. Don't be in a hurry; just let it flow.
The symphony is beautiful. Intimacy is gentle. Get an inward image of what you're praying for today.
See it in the eye and pray toward it. Don't just pray aimlessly; put your faith towards it.
Visualize it inside and pray over it. Right now, we push for the finances of America, for the outpouring of finances.
When you're praying in tongues, push it toward the outpouring. If we push together, we make much progress.
We pray as a body and push as an army—focused, precision, pinpoint prayer.
It's like lifting weights; we're grabbing and pulling that rope, moving stones out of the way to clear the road together.
We seek You first, Lord. Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto us. Seek My face, He says. Sit in My lap today. Abide in Me.
If you abide in Me and My words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you.
Don't be out of balance with the finances; be in balance with Me.
Seek My face and you can have what's in My hand. I will open the doors.
It's back to the dance. As He leads, we follow. We will not get out of step.
There's intimacy in the seeking. It's seeking the face of God.
Seek Me, and I will give all unto you as I see that you can handle it.
As you go from glory to glory, some are bridled and can handle it, but there are many that can't.
So I wait and I watch for the heart that is after Me. As the heart panteth for the water brooks, so does my soul longeth after You.
In the seeking, you lose yourself in Him. Nothing else matters.
That's when the transfer happens—when you're dead to self.
Many seek the money, but He says lose yourself in Me. When you are dead to self, it's a fragrance of beauty to Me.
There's no faking death. When I know that you're yielded, it keeps you on that straight and narrow.
Many of you are not ready for this wealth transfer, which is why I have said only one percent.
I must be first, and wealth is a tool. Many are out of balance, seeking money with a divided heart.
I'll have all of you or none of this. Seek Me, and in this, I will give it to you.
Losing yourself in My face today. I keep seeing that He's a jealous God who desires us to be on fire.
Many are lukewarm, seeking money with ulterior motives, not falling in love with the King.
He sees the church with one foot in the world and one foot over here.
I desire for you to have all of it. As you die to self, you will be entrusted with greater wealth.
But you're running out of time. There will be levels of wealth.
Many will stay down here and eat crumbs, but many will go up here and flow, funneling the crumbs.
It's a process of keeping your lamps full. He is a holy God and will not allow this. He sees the intent of man.
I will give you hidden treasures, riches stored in secret places, so that you may know that I am the Lord, the God of Israel, who summons you by name.
The greater wealth transfer is a trusted thing. As you lose yourself in Him, He will show you the hidden treasures of Isaiah 45.
Once you touch that hem, all the earthly stuff—the cars, the houses—nothing else matters but the glory.
I am the Lord, and there is no other. Money is not your God. I form the light and create darkness; I bring prosperity and create disaster.
I, the Lord, do all these things. Money is a tool, but I will not share My place.
It's like the spoiled rich kid who loves on their dad just to get the keys to the car.
He sees the motive of the heart. That's why He said only one percent—they've lost themselves in Me.
It took the dance of the last many years. You cannot fake death; the odor gives it away. A person who is ready is a fragrance at the altar.
I saw many in this vision grabbing fragments off the ground from the ones who were dead, funneling it down because they didn't care about it; all they cared about was Him.
They were the main distributors because their eyes never broke eye contact with Him. They were glowing with the glory.
As they kept their eyes on the throne, the finances flowed because they were no longer looking to finances to fill their joy cup.
All I need is Him. He doesn't care if you have houses or cars, as long as they don't have you.
He is a jealous God that wants all of us. He doesn't want your leftovers.
Give Him your first. Don't give Him old, tired days. Relationship is maintaining that connection all day long.
I pray this video blessed you. I appreciate the vision the Lord showed me.
I give You all the glory, Father. Thank You for the correction and guidance.
Thank You that You love me enough to rebuke me. Spank me, Lord, so that I would be better.
We love You and praise You. Thank You for Isaiah 45. We will seek You and find You.
Whatever You desire, we lose ourselves in You. You lead, we follow.
I feel the presence of the Lord so strong. Jesus is wonderful.
He said, 'Don't get in a rush, don't push it; dance.'He was rebuking me because I try to rush.
No, dance, Brandon, just be at peace. Sit at My feet. I'll take these treasures and use them for the rest of my life.
These are moments for me. We bless you all. Subscribe, click the notification bell, and comment something nice.
Click like and thank you; it helps the algorithm. We'll never ask you for anything.
Jesus Christ is coming back for a glorious church without spot or wrinkle.
You're part of the remnant. Focus on Him. Lose yourself in Him, and He'll give you everything.
I want to be a person used by You, Father. We always humble ourselves before You.
I decrease so that You increase. Thank You for the opportunity to worship You.
In the presence of Jehovah God Almighty, troubles vanish and hearts are mended.
We worship You, Father. If I could just sit with You a while...
We bless you today. We'll see you again tomorrow. Jesus loves you so much. God bless you all. Bye-bye.